eldest young master
Master, what are you doing?
I know what you're trying to do.
If you want to use me to get on the track
I advise you not to waste your time
I'm not interested in you.
Do you want to wash the dishes and take a shower?
I'll give you the floor
Wash the dishes.
I don't believe it anymore
You are a man no matter what
I'm sure I can make you worship everything
Master, you are up, I made you breakfast
Come and eat
Made for me, of course I made it for you
Wanjie, he has moved out
Please don't go out with me.
Look, I can still make breakfast and take care of you
Whatever, what about others?
They seem to have something important
In front
Hey sir
Hey my breakfast
Didn't you eat breakfast?
This must be Master Jie
I've heard its name for a long time. Hello.
Speaking, this is our Wanjiaji Wanzhao